[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I really truly
see this advancement.
I see hybrids coming
to the planet.
I see us developing,
growing, ascending,
moving into this new
vibrational plane of existence,
creating a new dynamic
on this planet.
And ultimately, it sounds
like a really big task,
but I think that we're going
to have a huge upheaval,
and it's all for the
better of humanity.
It's all for the ascension
and the conscious evolution
of the collective.
We are on the right track.
It seems really
chaotic right now,
but it has to be this way so
that we can collapse the old
in order to enter into the new.
>> Let me check these over here.
>> A lot of interviewers or
radio show hosts or whatever
are like, wow, that was the
easiest interview I've ever had
because there's just
so much information.
>> Just go, yeah.
You can just go.
>> You can bring up unicorns,
and I've got something to talk
about, you know?
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah.
There's so much.
>> There's so much to cover.
We could do this for
a day and probably--
>> I know, I know.
There'd still be so--
>> Like, a Livestream
marathon and never fully--
>> We should do that.
>> --never fully get all the
concepts we want to get across.
>> Yeah, yeah, exactly.
>> Are you ready?
>> I'm ready.
>> OK.
Waiting for Steve
to get in position.
>> Looking good, looking good.
>> All right.
Good to go?
>> Let's do it.
>> Awesome.
>> Ready?
>> Yeah.
>> Welcome, Elizabeth April.
Thank you for coming
on and doing this.
You have many titles--
intuitive, channel,
psychic, medium, artist,
quantum researcher.
What else do you
want to add to that?
>> Paradigm shifter.
I like that one.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> OK.
Anything else?
>> That's good.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
>> When did this all happen?
When did this start for you?
>> Well, really childhood.
I'm not necessarily a
third-generation psychic
or anything like that, but
I was born with clairvoyant
and extrasensory abilities.
So I had the ability to see
auras and chakras and energies
at a young age.
I was seeing ghosts
and spirits, talking
to interdimensional
beings, even though I
thought they were imaginary
friends and those kind
of things.
So I definitely started
at a very young age,
which I feel so happy
about because it's
been a lifetime of
balancing those abilities.
>> Was there one moment,
one specific event,
that stuck out to trigger
the start of this or--
>> Well, my parents told me that
around the age of two years old
they kind of knew
that I was different,
even though I had a brother
who was a year older than me.
So there was definitely
that kind of comparison of I
would follow things
in the room and I
would be talking to
things in my room
that obviously
they couldn't see.
I remember at the age
of around five or six,
I went up to my dad.
And I was raised Catholic, so I
went to church and all of that.
And I went up to my
dad, and I said, Dad,
the Bible has it wrong.
The church is wrong.
And he says, OK, tell me.
Enlighten me.
What is it?
And I said, well, the Bible
tells us that God is a man,
and I've been talking to
God, and God's a female.
God's a woman.
>> Nice.
>> And of course, in
the Catholic religion,
they tell you that if you're
talking to something that no
one else can see it's
either demons or it's God.
And so for me, it obviously was
a really pleasant experience
and a really lovely individual
that I was talking to,
and it was a female, so I
just assumed that it was God
and everyone else had it wrong.
So that was definitely
a moment that stuck out.
And my dad would always take
out the cassette recorder.
So he would always interview
us and get us on recording,
as well.
So I believe that that's on
some sort of cassette tape
somewhere probably
in the basement.
Yeah.
>> Now, looking back, do you
recognize what that energy was?
>> You know what, I've never
really tuned into that energy
in particular, but I had a
lot of imaginary friends.
I had a very wide imagination
and a lot of excitement
as a kid, as well.
And I remember that, around
the age of eight years old--
this was after my
parents divorced--
I was over at my mom's
house, and we just moved.
So she separated and
moved to another place.
And in this new place, there
was spirits and energies
running rampant.
And so I would tell
her all the spirits
that I was seeing and
talking to and what happened,
and one of them happened to
be a little girl my age and--
>> How old were you at the time?
>> I was around eight.
Yeah.
And so it turns out
there was a murder that
happened in that home--
>> Oh wow.
>> --not too long before
we moved in there and--
>> What part of the world
was this where you grew up?
>> This was in
Canada, yeah, Ontario.
And so-- yeah.
And so I would make friends
with this little girl.
I was kind of freaked out.
But my mom told me, when I was
explaining all these ghosts
and spirits that I was talking
to, or beings or people
or whatever I kind
of described them
as, she said, oh,
you've just been
watching too many scary movies.
It's not actually happening.
And for me at eight to
have all these experiences
and then to have that
be so downplayed,
I was like, OK, all right,
then I'm making this up.
This is not-- it's
not happening.
And so you put a
lot of weight and--
yeah.
You put a lot of weight into
your elders and obviously
people of authority, your
teachers and your parents,
and so what they say goes.
And if my mom
thought that it was
that I was watching too many
scary movies because she was
scared herself,
then, of course, that
was kind of the start of me
shutting down my abilities.
>> I see.
>> Yeah.
>> And when did
they start coming--
when we were allowed to--
or when did you tell yourself
you could let them out?
>> Yeah.
So there was also another issue
that happened in childhood, as
well, which was I'd go
over to my friend's house
and I would see their
grandfather who passed away
five years earlier,
and I'd be like,
oh, your grandpa, he's here.
That's really nice.
And they're like,
what do you mean?
Grandpa passed away.
And I be like, oh.
And so a lot of
the kids at school,
elementary school,
started to bully me,
and the main thing that I was
bullied on was you're a liar.
You're making this all up.
You just want attention.
And it's interesting
because a lot
of the trolls, the
individuals on my channels
these days, say the same thing.
Oh, you're just making
this all up for attention.
And so it's tough
to be in a field
that I'm having all of these
experiences all the time,
and it's very difficult to, say,
prove in the physical world.
So I still am confronted
with those kind of energies
of you're just lying,
you're just making it up,
and you just can't
let that get to you.
Ultimately, I mean, these
experiences are very real,
and they have been
very validated
by many tens of
thousands of people
all over the world who are
having very similar experiences
completely unrelated to me.
>> How does it feel
now to be validated?
>> It feels really good.
Spirits and energies, it's an
easy validation, but aliens
and other dimensions a
little bit more tricky.
But with today's quantum
physics and the science that's
coming out and the research, I
feel really validated in what's
being exposed at this time.
>> What about when other
people have similar alien-type
experiences?
Does that feel
like a validation?
>> Super validating and
sometimes disheartening
because a lot of individuals
tend to have very similar
experiences to me in an
interdimensional way,
and they will be very
fear based about it.
So the experience is the same.
The perception is
very different.
And so my heart goes
out to those people that
are very fearful of
what's happening to them,
and I wish I could
talk to everyone
having an alien or
interdimensional experience
and say, it's OK.
This is all for the best.
And the number one
thing that I found
is that if I go to a conference
and I'm a speaker or what
have you at some of
these alien conferences,
a lot of the people would
be like, aren't you scared?
Like, what-- you know?
And I say, ultimately, you've
had a very fear-based abduction
experience, but do
you feel like you're
more awakened, more aware,
more enlightened because of it?
And every single
time they'll say yes.
So it changes a person, yes.
Yes, there's a lot of fear
there from coming from the ego.
But ultimately it wakes you up.
And that's incredible.
>> When you go to
these conferences,
what is your demographic?
>> So it's really cool.
I mean, I have done sessions
for people all over the world.
So in one day, I'll have
clients from Guatemala, Germany,
Australia, UK, US, all over the
place, which is so incredible.
Demographic wise, people
who watch my content, it's
pretty 50/50 as far as males
and females, which I think
is pretty cool, and
it's usually between,
I think, around the
age of 25 to 45 mainly.
But it's really cool.
I've done individuals who are
85 all the way to children
who are 8, 9, 10 years older.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, and it's usually
obviously their parents who are
getting the session for them
because of these beautiful
little star seed children who
just need a little bit of that
help, a little bit of
that validation-- so yeah,
really all across the board.
Yeah.
>> What is a typical session
like if I were to call you up
and, hey, I want to
have this session?
Because your form of
channeling, from what
we've talked about
before, is a little bit
different than what's usually
in the show and stuff.
>> Absolutely.
>> How does that
work if I call you?
>> Yeah.
So a typical session,
it's about an hour long,
and we'll go through a
little bit of everything.
So what I like to do--
I like to call it a
DNA activation session.
So what does your soul
need to know at this time
to get you to the
next level, to get you
as aligned and harmonious to
your path, your purpose as
possible?
So usually that comes down
to me scanning your aura,
your chakras, your energy.
The kind of channeling that I
do is very visual, extremely
visual, and sometimes
it's very difficult
to take a visual
representation of information
and put it into,
translate it into, words.
And so I try the
best that I can.
So I'll do a little chakra scan.
I'll look at someone's aura.
And you say visual, but
you're doing this remotely--
so usually by Skype
or some other--
so how do you visually
remotely do this?
What happens there
when you visually meet?
>> It's really cool.
So scanning someone's aura,
chakra, their consciousness,
their soul, I mean, that can
be done anywhere in the world,
and I do a lot of
remote viewing,
a lot of astral traveling.
So I will also travel
all over the universe
into other dimensions.
So space and time, when I'm
in that place of channeling,
it really doesn't exist.
>> And you do that in real
time while you're doing
the sessions?
>> I do that in real time
while I'm doing the sessions.
>> Wow, OK.
>> So I'll tune into
someone's energy.
A lot of the time,
I'll say, hey,
there's a big energy
build-up somewhere.
Maybe it's the elbow.
Maybe it's the knee.
Obviously my client usually
validates me on, wow,
I've had an injury there.
I've had an issue with
that for a very long time.
I'll scan their chakras.
You're working on your solar
plexus, your confidence
right now.
But you have to speak up.
Your throat chakra's a
little bit imbalanced.
And then we dive even deeper
into those imbalances.
Where is that habit pattern?
Where is that trauma?
Where is that block coming
from in this lifetime?
Usually I'll go back
into their childhood.
Hey, was your mom like
this, and were there
a lot of expectations on you?
Validation, validation.
And then we go even deeper, and
we go into some past lifetimes.
OK, great.
So this has been going on
over and over as a repeated
cycle in this lifetime.
Where has this been,
and where did this
get started in past lifetimes?
So usually, if it's
an issue with the mom
or if it's an
injury in the knee,
that injury or that
issue or that trauma
has been reoccurring in
lifetime after lifetime.
So it's not good to just go
into all of the lifetimes
where it's been reoccurring
and it's obvious.
We have to go back to
the initiating trauma.
What was that one lifetime
where this cycle got started?
And then, once we go
into that past lifetime,
it automatically clears the
karmic energy of that life.
Once we do a lot of the old
energy, the old cycle work--
>> When you say go into it, just
by describing it, just by re--
>> Oh yeah.
So I'll-- yeah.
>> --re-living it through words.
>> Reliving it through words.
>> Does it bring--
>> So I'll see it visually.
I'll see all of it.
So I'll give you a good example.
Just the other day,
just last week,
I went into this
first-time client.
She was very skeptical.
She's never seen
a psychic before.
And I went into this past life,
and it was in the kind of--
what is it-- like, mid-1400s--
so Dark Ages, medieval era.
And it was just her and her mom.
And her mom-- the
only word that I
could define it was a smuggler.
She was a smuggler.
So she would take
stolen goods, usually
very precious stolen
goods back in the 1400s,
and so she would
take these goods,
and then she would
sell them to buyers.
So she was kind
of the middleman.
She didn't do the
stealing, but she
was the middleman in between.
>> The pawn shop.
>> Yeah, exactly.
And so she ended up
getting caught and put
into jail for just six
months, this medieval jail.
And so her mom started freaking
out and told her daughter.
Her daughter was 15.
And so this is my client now,
the daughter in this past life.
>> Oh, OK.
Got it.
>> And so the mom said, hey, you
have to break me out of jail.
You have to get me out of here.
I have to keep my
business running.
So the mother had really no
concern over the daughter,
really wanted the daughter to
just get her out so that she
could keep making money.
So the daughter tries to
smuggle the mom out of jail.
The daughter ends up
getting put into jail
for a year and a half.
So here's the daughter.
Here's my client
sacrificing herself
for her mother in
that past lifetime
at around the age
of 15, 16 years old.
She gets put into the jail.
The mom gets out six
months later, no big deal.
The mom goes on living her life.
>> And doesn't even bother about
trying to smuggle the daughter
out.
>> Doesn't even bother
with the daughter.
And then it goes on
and yada, yada, yada.
Turns out my client--
I think she was in
the US somewhere.
Her jaw was dropped,
and she's like, you're
talking about my life
in this lifetime, right?
And I said, no, this is
very clearly the 1400s.
I can see the attire and
the dress and whatever.
And she's like, well, my mom
was the biggest drug smuggler
in America for 25 years.
>> Wow.
>> And at the age of 15,
she packed up a suitcase,
and she left me on the beach,
and she ran from the police
because they were after her.
>> Wow.
>> Same age-- 15 years old.
And she was a drug smuggler.
There's that word, "smuggler."
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> Right?
So the impact of
these past lifetimes--
I usually hear all the time,
you're talking about this life,
right?
I mean, my dad was an
alcoholic, abusive in this life.
No, really, that happened in
the past life-- same soul,
repeated pattern.
>> Right.
Do you think it's the same souls
repeating those patterns as
far as the positions
or do you think it's
just the situations are being--
>> It can be both.
It can be both.
Most of the time, it's
the exact same soul
in the exact same position,
especially in family dynamics
because that needs to be
purged out in this lifetime.
If it's just a
repeated pattern, then
it will be the same situation,
same person, different players,
but the same setup.
So it's very cathartic.
It's very healing.
And I always tell my client,
this is a cool story,
and I'm glad that
you resonate with it,
but ultimately it's
clearing the karmic energy
of that past lifetime.
>> And how do you clear that,
then, just by talking about it?
>> Exactly.
And I always say that that past
lifetime wouldn't have come up
if that person didn't already
do the work in clearing it
beforehand.
So I'm just validating the
work that they've already done,
and it's kind of just
the nail in the coffin.
Great.
You're done.
Let's move forward.
>> So if that person--
but the person is
probably reenacting a lot
of the same patterns, right?
>> At the tail
end of it, though.
>> At the tail end of it.
>> Yeah, I will only ever
explore a past lifetime when
they're ready to release it.
It's like, hey, I'm just
validating what you already
consciously know, and
usually it's always the case.
>> OK so they've already
kind of released it then.
>> They've already basically
dealt with it, and it's like,
oh, that makes so-- thank you--
>> You're just helping
them connect the dots.
>> Exactly.
And so that's only the
first half of the session.
It's all the old stuff.
Before you want to get to
your cosmic soul family
and connect with your truth
and who you really are,
we gotta clear the old stuff
first before we move forward.
So once we go through
that-- and sometimes there's
so much old stuff to
clear, the whole session
is taken up by just that,
and they are usually
pretty grateful that
we just focused on that
because it was very needed.
A lot of the times, it
will be the first half
hour clearing the old stuff.
Second half hour
is like, OK, great.
Now, why are you on this planet?
What are your grand
soul contracts
with Mother Gaia,
with planet Earth?
And it's really cool because,
to see someone's saw contracts,
I have to go all the way back
to their very last lifetime
off of this planet.
So sometimes they're Annunaki.
Sometimes they're Pleiadian.
Sometimes they're Gray.
And it's in that lifetime
where they choose,
I'm going to volunteer
to come to planet Earth
and help them out.
And usually there's
two contracts
that a soul always kind of
signs up for, especially
for this planet in particular.
And the two contracts-- this is
for every soul on this planet,
whether you're a tree or an
animal or a human, all souls.
And the two contracts
are, what are you here
on this planet in this
incarnation to learn?
As a human being, what are you
here on this planet to learn?
So what are you receiving
as being a human?
And then, of course,
the second contract
is, what are you here to give?
What are you here to give back?
So the receiving, what are you
here to learn, is usually, ah,
I'm here to learn that it's
OK to watch humanity suffer
and not be able
to help everyone.
That's a huge lesson that a lot
of cosmic souls are learning.
And then the other is,
how are you giving back?
Oh, well, I used to be
a Pleiadian or an Angel
or they used to be an
Angel or Pleiadian,
and so they're here to heal
and open up vortexes and work
with crystals and work with
reiki or other kind of healing
modalities, which is
incredible, and they've
done that in lifetime
after lifetime.
But those two contracts
always collide.
If you're here to
understand that it's
OK to watch others suffer and
you're here to heal the world,
usually you have to deal with
the suffering of loved ones
while you're healing others
because your loved ones aren't
ready to heal themselves.
Yeah.
>> Yeah, it's a big one.
>> Yeah.
And then-- yeah.
And then I'll go into other past
lifetimes or future lifetimes
that are off this planet.
So what else have you
done other than just
being a human off this planet?
Who else have you been?
So I love introducing people to
their cosmic parallel selves.
A lot of the time it
used to be-- like,
in the past couple
of years, it used
to be a lot of let's introduce
you to your spirit guides,
and a lot of the
spirit guides that I
tend to work with
and see in others
are cosmic spirit guides,
interdimensional beings,
that I kind of work with and see
and channel and what have you.
But nowadays, spirit
guides, that's
a very old, traditional concept.
No longer are we looking
outside of ourselves
to receive information.
We have a plethora of
lifetimes out there
that we can actually absorb
that information from.
So I'm no longer going to
someone's spirit guides.
I'm going straight to themselves
just in another dimension,
just in another realm.
>> So we're narrowing the gap
with our terminology and how we
define, like you just said,
defining our spirit guides
or defining our parallel
versions of ourselves.
What I'm seeing is this
evolution in this community.
We get caught up on
the terminology of guru
or we started looking outside
of ourselves for these things,
and now we're finding
terminology that we can say,
well, it's not us,
but it's still us.
>> Yes.
>> And I think it's probably
going to evolve even further.
I don't know how.
But it's going to
be interesting how
we get closer and closer
to truly just us, right?
>> It's so powerful bringing it
back to source, which is you.
And I always spell
the word "universe"
with Y-O-U at the beginning
because it's you-niverse.
You are the universe.
I truly believe that we are
our own gods in the way that we
have source within us, but
we wrote our own contracts
to be here.
There's no man in the sky.
There's no judgment.
There's no dictation.
There's no you have to
do this at this time.
It's all in flow, and you are
the one who decided to be here.
You are the one who put
that car crash in your life.
There's something there
that you have to learn.
And it's interesting
because there
is a little bit of
this spiritual ego
or spiritual dilemma
that some people
kind of get trapped into of
I don't like being human,
so tell me about my
cosmic self instead.
OK, great.
Oh, I'm a Pleiadian.
Oh, that's who I am.
We have to let go
of the attachment
to any sort of identity, whether
it be conscious, cosmic, ego,
human.
You really do have to let go
of all of those attachments
and realize that no matter what
you are attached to, whether it
be interdimensional or
terrestrial, it's not good.
It's not going to be attached.
>> Well, It's fun to play with.
But like you said, attachment--
if you get attached
to it and you
start giving your power
away to those ideas--
>> Exactly, and it's kind of
ironic to say giving your power
away to a cosmic
parallel self of yours.
But, ultimately, if you
wanted to be Annunaki,
if you wanted to be Pleiadian,
you would have been Pleiadian.
Ultimately, we chose to be
here as humans at this time,
so let's do it.
Let's be human.
Let's smell all the smells.
Let's eat the good food.
Let's taste wine.
Let's really enjoy our
five senses because I know,
as a Gray, I wasn't
able to eat food.
I wasn't able to smell things.
I wasn't able to hear.
Yeah, I had a lot of other
extrasensory abilities,
but I didn't have the
joy and the excitement
and all the little things
and the synchronicities
that you have here
on this planet.
Yeah, it's heavy.
Yes, It's dense.
Yes, there's a lot of challenge.
But that's also what
makes it really exciting.
>> You just said,
when you were a Gray.
>> Yeah.
>> So if you could
add a little bit--
tell us about when
you were a Gray.
How did you find
out you were a Gray,
and what is this other Gray
version of you doing right now?
>> So this took
place during my--
well, I guess not
during, but after
my first conscious abduction.
So I was 18 years old
in this incarnation,
and I went away to
a 10-day meditation
retreat called Vipassana-- so
completely silent meditation.
And on the second
night of meditation,
I was taken from my room
by three tall white beings.
At this point in time, I was
opening up to my abilities
again.
I had re-experienced a
lot of my past lifetimes.
You kind of mentioned
before, when
did you give yourself
permission again,
and that was when I was 16.
I was really anxious.
I was really depressed.
I was really
looking for answers.
I went everywhere.
I went to doctors,
psychologists.
I went to my high
school teachers.
I went to my parents.
I even talked to a priest.
What's the meaning of life?
All right, cool.
You're an authority figure.
Tell me.
Tell me what I'm
looking to know.
And time and time again,
I was disappointed
with the lack of answers and the
oh, you'll get over this phase.
OK, cool.
Hopefully I do it because I'm
pretty depressed, you know?
And I even went to my
friends in high school,
and I said, do you ever,
like, question things?
Do you ever really
wonder why we're here
and what this is all about?
What do you mean?
We can drive.
Let's party.
And so it was really
disappointing.
And so it was
actually my father,
at the age of 16, who
recommended a past life
regression.
And so he's an
engineer by trade,
but he took himself
through university
by doing past life
regressions on other people.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, and he was doing energy
work and Reiki on us as kids
and stuff like that.
>> This is your father who
was taking you to the Catholic
church?
>> Mm-hmm, yeah, the very same
father who was taking me--
>> Interesting.
>> Yes, very interesting.
I think he was just doing
the whole Catholic thing
through obligation.
Yeah.
So anyway-- so yeah.
So he gave me my first
past life regression at 16,
and I went into all
these past lifetimes.
I opened up to two major things.
This was my first
huge breakthrough,
which was time is simultaneous
and reincarnation is real.
We can actually be
in the present moment
and re-experience things
that happened in the past.
That's huge.
So it really kind of
gave me that validation
that there is a lot more out
there that not a lot of people
are aware of, and I was
determined to uncover
the truth, all of the truth.
And so I started doing past life
regressions on other people.
So I actually took my dad's
notebook and his regression
techniques, and obviously I'd
never done this for a living
or went to a class or anything.
But I figured, hey,
it's pretty easy.
>> With his permission, I hope?
>> Yeah, with his permission.
For sure, for sure.
And so anyone and
everyone who just willing
to sit down and listen
to me, I'm like, hey,
do you want to see
something cool?
And I would take them
into these past lifetimes.
And so when I got
into university,
I went away, moved away from
home at 18, went to university.
I started doing all
my university friends,
and it was really interesting.
But I started to realize
that not everyone was
open and ready
and willing to let
go of their current
present moment ego
state, their human,
their attachment
to the present moment to be able
to be in a trance-like state
to go back into
those past lifetimes.
I thought everyone
could do it very easily.
Not necessarily the case.
So I basically thought
to myself, why don't I
just put myself into a
trance-like state so that I can
see that information
so that I don't have
to go through the arduous
process of separating their ego
mind from their current
state so that they
can start to travel into
these other states of being?
And so I started doing
deep states of meditation,
deep states of trance.
I basically took
myself through all
of the hypnotherapy regression
techniques in meditation,
and in that state of being,
I just guided myself,
and I started going everywhere,
into many, many past lifetimes.
I started channeling
things like quantum physics
and sacred geometry
and understanding
what all of these
things meant and what
was going on on the planet.
But it wasn't until
that abduction
that happened at
18 during Vipassana
that I really fully understood
that aliens were real.
So up until that
point, telepathy
was very prominent in my mind,
sometimes too much prominent,
too prominent.
I was remote viewing.
I was astral traveling.
To be honest-- maybe don't
tell this to my university--
but I ended up passing and
getting really good grades
because I would just pinpoint
the smartest person in the room
and I would astral travel
over their shoulder,
and I would actually
read their answers.
>> What?
OK.
>> And I always
found that I tested--
>> So you were astral cheating.
>> I was astral cheating.
Oh my god.
>> All right, I don't think
you were breaking any rules,
so to say, but
they might not be--
>> No, definitely not
breaking any rules.
>> Future rules are gonna--
>> Yeah, exactly.
So yeah-- so I was really
open at that point in time.
And when I got
abducted, I mean, that's
when a whole other
world opened up to me.
OK, aliens are real.
Not only are they
real, but they're here.
And about two weeks after
the abduction experience,
I started having very vivid
flashback and very vivid
recall to myself as one of
these interdimensional beings.
So not only are they here,
not only are they real,
but we have actually been
them before ourselves.
And so it got to
the point where--
people ask me this all the
time, so I have to say,
I was completely sober.
Got to the point where
I was walking down
the hall of my university
going to class,
middle of the day,
and all of a sudden I
would have a flashback
to a past lifetime
where I was an 8 foot tall
Gray being walking down
the hallway of a spaceship.
And here I am just in the
present moment, like, what?
What was that?
And I remember that, still to
this day, the trippiest moment,
the trippiest
experience that I ever
had as one of these
flashbacks was
I was hanging out at home,
still 18 years old, university
student, and I was sitting
there in meditation,
and all of a sudden,
I had this flashback.
Once again, I became
this 8 foot tall Gray.
And I was looking at
my hands because I
thought they were really cool.
I only had four fingers,
super long fingers.
I was studying my hand.
I'm in this really dimly lit
room onboard this spaceship,
and it felt like
I was all alone.
And I was looking
at each fingertip.
And as I observe each
one of my four fingers,
a little, tiny sphere
of transparent energy
pops up, just hovering above
each one of my fingertips.
I'm like, oh, that's cool.
And then all of a sudden,
this larger sphere
pops up in the
middle of my palm.
And intuitively, I just
ask the question, hmm,
I wonder what this
energy can do?
And I hear this deep, booming
voice speaking back to me,
saying--
what did it say--
manipulate material.
That's it.
I'm like, whoa, that's so cool.
I've always wanted to be
telekinetic, even as a kid.
I'd be four years old.
I'd watch my brother's
model planes up
in the corner of his room, and
I would try and make them move,
and I would try so hard to
just let's get the plane.
I know I can make
that plane move.
And I never was able to do it.
But in an instant in seeing
myself as this Gray being,
understanding that the ability,
one of the abilities anyway,
that I had was to
manipulate material,
turning a water bottle
into a sphere, a glass
sphere, or glass into gold.
I mean, that is possible
at the molecular level,
and I was able to do those
things as that Gray--
so instant validation
for those feelings,
those deep-rooted feelings
that I've always had.
And then I'm like,
OK, that's cool.
I shake off the orbs, and I
just intuitively, as this Gray--
I'm feeling out this body,
18 years old as a human,
walking into this Gray body.
And I walk into the other room
of this ship, much smaller
room, very dimly lit.
There was one light
that was coming down
in the middle of the room,
and there was a chair
in the middle of this room.
And there was three
medium-height--
they were a little
bit shorter than me--
Grays.
And all the Grays were looking
at this man, human man,
I guess, sitting in this chair
in the middle of this room.
And as they're looking at this
man-- they're observing him.
They're checking him out.
The man's freaked out, right?
And it feels like he was
nonverbal because he wasn't
actually able to, like-- he was
doing a lot of grunting, but no
actual words.
No, help me.
There was none of that.
It was just a lot of grunting.
So as I walk into this room,
I'm taking a look at this man.
I'm like, so that
looks like a human,
but not necessarily the
humans that we know today.
And as I take a look
at him, I notice
that he's got fairly dark
skin, long, straggly hair,
big, protruding forehead,
he was hunched over,
and he was nonverbal.
And now I'm recognizing this
man as-- and at the time,
I was taking an
archeology class,
and I recognized this man as
between Homo erectus and Homo
sapien.
So he wasn't
necessarily Neanderthal.
>> I was just saying,
not Neanderthal?
OK.
>> Not totally sure.
He could have been Neanderthal.
He felt a little bit more
advanced than Neanderthal,
kind of like the tool stage.
I think they had
tools at that time.
But here I was, 18
years old, first
getting introduced to myself
as this tall Gray being,
and I'm 18 human girl into this
Gray body observing, literally,
the precipice, the beginning
of humanity as we know it.
So what a trip it was to be a
girl in a Gray body observing
humanity, observing
this man as a Gray.
It was such a wild experience,
and even to this day,
I mean, that
memory, the visuals,
are just burned into my mind.
I can see it still clear as day.
And ever since then, I started
communicating with this Gray.
I said, OK, who are you?
Oh, well, I am you.
It was so wild
getting introduced
to this other version of myself.
And although it was something
that I'd never researched,
I honestly--
if you asked me at 18
if I believed in aliens,
I said, I'm sure there's
something out there,
but, I mean, I never
defined myself as an alien.
I never thought that
we could be alien.
I never thought that any
of that was even possible.
>> And you knew
that this was you.
You weren't just observing--
>> Oh, I was-- no, I was not.
>> --another alien or something?
>> Because at this point, I'd
done a lot of astral traveling.
I'd done a lot of
past life regression
on myself and others.
So when I do a past life
regression on others,
I will be a third-party
perspective.
I will be literally floating
in the room observing
someone's lifetime go by.
When I know I'm
regressing myself
and I'm hopping into my own past
lifetime, I will be in the--
what is it called--
first-person perspective.
So I knew right away.
Oh, this was me.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
And then I started
telepathically communicating
with this being, this self
of mine, because I could--
when I was existing as
this Gray and hopping
into the body of that Gray,
observing that lifetime,
I could actually
ask questions, and I
would get an immediate
response as if it
was in the present moment,
even though this was
a past lifetime around
500,000 years ago
or whenever those Neanderthals
were first starting,
or the Homo erectus, were first
starting to really walk around
on the planet.
>> Could you feel what
this Gray was feeling?
>> Absolutely, yeah.
It's really interesting.
>> And how is that?
Because we're-- sort of people
who are following the show kind
of know that or have understood
that the Gray emotional
spectrum has been a little
bit narrower than humans,
even though they're very
advanced with their technology,
even though they can
telepathically communicate--
but as far as having some
emotional things that we humans
have.
So is that true?
How did you feel it?
>> Yeah, so I think this is
a really big misconception.
Now, before I say it's
a big misconception,
there is a wide, wide
spectrum and wide variety
of Gray species out
there in the universe.
There's a ton of
them, and there's
a lot of different varying
ones, and there's also--
I like to call them agreeable
Grays versus disagreeable
Grays.
>> OK, can you define
that a little bit?
Agreeable like they
agree with each other
or we agree with them?
>> Agreeable Grays being Grays
who are here for the collective
consciousness, Grays who are
here for service to others.
The disagreeable Grays--
I don't like saying
bad guys and good guys,
but the disagreeable
ones are the ones
who are service to self.
They are existing
for themselves.
A lot of people think
Grays are all bad.
That's why I have to make
that kind of distinction.
But it's a huge
misconception that Grays
don't have the emotion.
The only problem is that
they can't express emotion
on their face.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yeah, right?
So they don't have
facial expressions.
>> They don't have facial
features like we do?
>> Yeah.
And so humans recognize
emotions in other humans
through facial expressions.
>> I see.
>> Right?
That's emotional intelligence.
Grays are completely telepathic
and extremely visual, and--
>> So they don't need
to use the face muscles.
>> They don't need to
use it at all, right?
Grays basically walk
around their spaceship
being able to see auras
and energies of other Grays
and other beings on the ship.
So if one Gray is having a
bad day, everyone in the room
can feel it.
>> Sure.
>> Just like we can
pick up on that--
but if we're not
expressing it on our face,
we're not necessarily
attuned to, oh,
that energy is coming
from that person,
whereas Grays it's all visual.
You can see it very clearly.
So Grays are very highly
emotionally intelligent.
They just have much more
control over their emotions.
>> They just have
much more control.
>> Yes.
>> OK, so they're not going to
spin out of control like we do?
>> No.
They have more filters, and
humans are very reactionary.
And it's really funny
because sometimes I'll
watch myself in
videos, and I think
that I make very goofy faces
when I'm talking and getting
really into information.
>> Sure, sure.
>> And I think I overexpress
my face because I can
because I'm a human.
>> All right, why not?
Yeah.
>> Because I never had
that-- because people--
I know you can't--
everyone's telepathic, but you
can't just read my emotions.
So I feel, as a human--
because humans are a little
bit lower on the spectrum
of maybe advanced spiritually--
I have to overemphasize
all of my emotions.
And so in understanding
myself as a Gray,
I'm like, oh, that makes
sense, and that makes sense,
and that makes sense.
Like, as a kid, hair used
to really freak me out.
I just couldn't handle, like--
>> Hair?
>> Yeah, hair.
My mom--
>> Why would hair freak you out?
>> I had no idea until I
understood that I was coming
from this Gray being.
>> Why would hair
freak a Gray being out?
They don't have it?
>> Because Grays
don't have hair,
and it's a very
weird concept for me.
So--
>> Interesting.
>> I would-- it
was really gross,
and my mom had this thick, black
hair, and I'd find it places.
And I'm like, oh,
this is disgusting.
I just didn't understand
the concept of hair.
And even when I was a kid,
I had such a hard time
going to sleep because I
felt-- this sounds very odd,
but I had a hard time closing
my eyes because I didn't know
what to do with my eyelids.
Like, I felt like
it wasn't natural
for me to close my eyelids.
So my eyelids felt
like it was an effort
to close my eyes at nighttime.
>> And so Grays
don't have eyelids.
>> Grays don't have eyelids.
>> They don't blink?
>> No, they don't blink.
>> Oh, interesting.
Well, maybe some
of them do, but--
>> Yeah, they've got caps
or covers over their eyes.
So--
>> A cap?
Oh, OK, so like for water,
rain, or other stuff,
or how does that work?
>> It's kind of like
thinking about sunglasses
for their eyes.
So you know how you see Grays
as with the big black eyes?
>> Yeah.
>> Those are actually just caps.
>> They're artificial caps
like a sunglass thing?
>> Yeah.
They have eyes very
similar to humans.
Yeah.
They can be green.
They can be blue.
They can be brown.
But they put the caps
over because their eyes
are so big that they're
oversensitive to light.
That's why you go in
a lot of Gray ships
and it will be very dimly
lit, kind of like this,
except without that big light.
Yeah, super interesting.
Yeah.
>> Wow.
What other-- after
this Gray experience--
and you're known
now for connecting
with all these Star Families.
>> Yes.
>> After that, what other types
of beings have you connected
with?
>> So after that, they sort
of giving me all of this
information on quantum physics.
So they're very
scientifically advanced,
and they're also very
genetically advanced as well.
So they do a lot of
that gene splicing,
a lot of the
hybridization, and that's
what this tall Gray, who is me--
and his name is
Heera, H-E-E-R-A.
That's what Heera was
really good at was--
>> We're going to talk
to Heera tomorrow, right?
>> And we're going
to talk to Heera.
>> Sweet.
>> Yes, we are, and
it's really cool.
So anything having to do
with the hybridization
project, the
advancement of humanity,
the Essassanis, that's
what he's really good at.
Yeah, and he can explain
all of that to you.
And then-- yeah, so huge
quantum physics downloads.
They started unlocking
and opening up my DNA.
And they were teaching
me about Tesla technology
at the age like
19, 20 years old.
And I'm like, so you're talking
to me about perpetual energy.
You're talking to me about
electromagnetic frequencies.
You're teaching me
Tesla technology.
And then I would have the
Grays reiterate, well,
who do you think taught Tesla?
I'm like, oh, OK,
yeah, here we go.
And then the other thing
that happened after I really
opened up to my true self
was the Galactic Federation
started to contact me all the
time, actually every month.
>> So there is a
Galactic Federation?
>> There sure is a
Galactic Federation.
>> We've heard rumors.
We didn't know if--
>> Yes.
So the Galactic Federation, for
those of you who don't know,
is basically a government
structure out there
in the universe.
Now, honestly, I was studying
global political economy,
and that's what my major is in.
I did a double major, but
that's one of them was in.
And I wanted to know
what powers that
be, where that comes from on
the planet, which was economy,
money, and politics, right?
So I studied that,
and I was really
like antigovernment, really
anti-corruption, really
understanding the
system from the inside
and rightfully
angry, in a sense.
And then, when I got contacted
by the Galactic Federation
and they told me who they
were and what they did,
I was so disappointed.
>> Why?
Because there's a
government-like structure
out there?
>> Yes.
>> Out in space?
>> Yes, I'm like--
>> But it can't be as rigid
and hierarchical as ours--
>> It's not hierarchical
in that sense.
>> --or even secrecy
and compartmentalized.
>> Yeah, it's not.
It's not corrupt,
even though there
can be individual players
that could corrupt the system.
But I was so disappointed.
I'd say, OK, so you're telling
me that it doesn't change?
You're telling me that
it doesn't get better?
you don't have solutions
to organizational problems that
we have here on the planet?
You're telling me that you're
an eighth-dimensional Pleiadian
and you still have to
have this structure?
Are you kidding me?
And so I was so excited to
explore these other realms,
and then I was
disappointed to think
that, oh, it's the same
old, same old up there.
>> But is it really
the same old, same old?
I mean--
>> It's similar but different.
The biggest sort of--
what would I call it?
Yeah, the biggest sort of
discernment or organizational
thing that they have out
there in the universe
is between service
to others' souls
and service to self souls--
so basically, low-vibrational
individuals, beings,
and high-vibrational
individuals and beings.
All the high-vibrational
ones, they just all
want to get along.
I started to
understand that we do
live in a binary universe
filled with ones and zeros,
and in the binary universe,
you have light and dark.
And you really can't have
the light without the dark.
And I really, truly believe
that the binary aspect
of this universe, the
light and the dark,
is kind of what propels, pushes
us, and allows us to grow,
change, and move forward.
>> In doing all this work,
you've connected cosmically
to your other versions of
you and connecting astral
cosmically to--
helping other people
do their thing.
Do you have anybody
earthbound that inspires you?
It could be in this field
of work or otherwise.
>> So interesting.
I had a bit of a--
I don't want to
say any ego death,
but I had a bit of a moment when
I was maybe 19 or 20 years old,
and I'm 27 now.
And the moment was, why
don't I have a mentor?
Why have I never looked up
to anyone in this lifetime?
And even when my friends
were 14 years old
and they're putting
posters of Good Charlotte
and Green Day on
their wall, I just
never really had that feeling,
never had that inkling.
>> Even Elon Musk?
>> Yeah, even--
>> Yeah, he just reminds
me of a Zeta kind of guy.
>> So it's
interesting, actually,
and I still remember
this memory clear as day.
I was riding on a
bus, and I think
I was going to and from
high school or something.
I was 16, 17.
And I got the
message, the download,
to not do any external research.
Now, at the time, I didn't
know what-- what do you mean?
I'm not supposed to read a book?
I'm not supposed to--
and they said, you're
about to open yourself up.
This is after my
past life regression,
so things started to really
kind of come back to me.
And my spirit guides
came through and said,
don't do any external research.
And so they basically
said, you can
watch TV and read other
books, but specifically
in the field of anything
quantum physics,
anything science, anything
spiritual, anything awakening,
anything chakras, anything
energy, and anything aliens,
do not touch.
Don't do any external research.
And what they explained to
me back then was bringing
other peoples information, no
matter it be good, bad, ugly,
aligned, the truth,
disinformation, what have you,
bringing in other
peoples' information
is going to cloud
my own perception.
I already have to deal with
my 27-year-old self coming
in the mix and with the
translation of the information,
let alone needing
to deal with all
of the perception
from everyone else
that I'm receiving
information from.
So they said, keep your
channel as clear as possible
and you will never regret it.
Now the thing is, when I started
to really channel, 18, 19, 20,
and beyond, it was really tough.
I got really hated
on for the fact
that I didn't do any
external research.
And they're like,
what do you mean?
What do you mean you
don't look into this?
What do you-- you don't
have any discernment.
You don't know.
I'm like, look, I've had enough
experience where I can easily
discern what's a good
vibration from a bad vibration
internally.
And now it's really interesting
when I tell people and experts
and I go to conferences that I
don't do any external research,
it is one of my superpowers.
It's one of my
greatest strengths,
the fact that I've
never read a book,
that I've never looked at anyone
else's content or information,
that I have no idea
what anyone else is
saying on the information
that I speak about.
People are like, hey,
have you read Nietzsche?
You sound like Nietzsche.
Oh yeah, like the philosopher.
Yeah, for sure.
I'm like, cool.
Awesome.
Oh, Albert Einstein,
he has that theory too.
Oh, that's fantastic.
Awesome.
So I love getting
the validation.
I don't need the validation
because I have that experience
from within, and I'm pretty
firm on what I experience,
and I try not to allow other
people to kind of infiltrate
that experience in that way.
>> Well, how do you develop a
vocabulary to talk about this
stuff, then, because
I've noticed,
without researching it, you
can't have the vocabulary.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
So it's really difficult.
I use a lot of words,
and I define
everything that I use--
so even defining
the fifth dimension,
defining consciousness,
defining god, defining source.
So I kind of find my own
terminology and my own words
for a lot of things,
and usually there's
five words to explain one
concept because language
is the biggest block.
It's the biggest limiting
force that I'm up against
is how to actually explain
all the information that I'm
receiving.
So I still feel confined
and limited with language.
But even as a kid, I was
obsessed with big words,
obsessed.
So any sort of--
I couldn't spell.
I still can't spell.
But I would love
these big words,
and so I was just hungry for as
many words as I possibly could,
and I really feel like that
was kind of my training ground
for being able to communicate
in the way that I do.
And a lot of people say
that I'm very clear and very
concise in explaining
concepts that
could be very daunting or
overwhelming for most people.
>> So talking about vocabulary,
you just mentioned fifth
dimension.
Have you heard of the density
terminology of densities?
>> So sometimes I
say fifth dimension,
fifth dimension density,
fifth density, third density.
So I understand the
different dimensions
through visual representations.
I understand pretty much all
quantum physics or the quantum
universe and the vibrational
universe through visuals.
So I see everything.
So that's why I call the
different dimensions densities,
as well, because I see this
third dimension as a very
dense plane of existence.
And a lot of people
ask me, well,
how do interdimensional beings
exist in the eighth dimension?
Do they still have bodies?
And they do, but the density of
the body is a lot less dense.
So things like all the
upkeep, all the maintenance
that we have to go through
as a third-dimensional human,
it's a lot, you know?
And in the eighth dimension,
you don't necessarily
have to eat food.
You don't necessarily have to
have all of the maintenance
as something such as a
third-dimension body.
>> Yeah, in past episodes,
I've covered sort of this idea
of dimensions and density a lot,
and we've kind of established,
but we know because every
channeler and every person has
their different downloads
and different definitions
or wording around that.
So I was just wondering what
your terminology was for that,
for densities and--
>> Yeah, I really switch
it up, and I don't know.
It's just very interesting.
I'll just kind of
briefly explain
the first couple of dimensions,
just how I perceive it,
and I had this beautiful
explanation the other day,
but when I channel, sometimes
things come through me,
and then I don't remember
them because I don't create
a conscious memory of them.
And I also believe that
we're moving into something
that I like to call 5D
memory, which is really cool.
So no longer are
we storing memories
in our third-dimensional brain--
so all the neural pathways and
the brainwaves and all of that.
>> Cramming for a test,
trying to get those--
>> Exactly.
>> --memories in there.
We don't need that anymore.
We actually have
something that I see as--
I call it cloud storage.
So it's like our soul, our
higher self without the body,
is just kind of
looming all around us,
and everything is kept there.
Everything from our
subconscious brain
is kept in this
cloud storage, in
this fifth-dimensional memory.
So instead of having
to linear think about--
OK, well, where
did I put my keys?
Where did I have them last?
Where did I go?
Let's retrace the steps.
That's a
third-dimensional memory.
In fifth-dimensional
memory, boom, it just comes.
It's just right there.
But you have to let
go of the ego state.
You have to let go of the
reaction, the attachment,
the what have you in
order to be able to tune
into that frequency.
So the first
dimension is oneness.
It's source.
It's existence.
It's just everything and
nothing all at the same time.
Second dimension is the mind.
All of a sudden,
it's aware of itself.
Oh, OK, there's
something happening.
There's a difference here.
There's everything and nothing,
and then there's the mind.
And then the third
dimension is the body.
So you've got
everything and nothing,
then you've got the mind,
the awareness of self,
and then you move into
the third dimension.
Oh, I'm in a body now.
OK, great.
I've got a mind.
I've got awareness.
I've got a body.
And then the fourth
dimension, I believe,
is the dimension of time.
So that's where time gets
a little bit more lucid.
Maybe it gets a
little bit slower.
Maybe it gets faster.
And then in the fifth
dimension and beyond,
a lot of those concepts
we still have--
the mind.
We still have the body.
We still have source.
We still have all of
the other dimensions,
but there's extra added
vibrational frequencies
to that to make everything
a little bit more lucid.
Instead of only having
the mind, instead
of only having consciousness,
instead of only having
the body, you've got
these other elements
that really kind of twist
things up and allow you
to kind of be in a state of
flow with both space and time.
And I'm at a place in my
life right now and at a place
in my channeling
where, when I tap in,
time and space don't exist.
So I can go back into ancient
Egypt in a split of a second.
I can download five hours of
information in two minutes.
So those kind of concepts
are very lucid for me
because I operate a lot in
the fifth-dimension frequency,
and I surpass both the
third and the fourth.
But one of my biggest teachings
is that everyone can do this.
Everyone is a soul.
You don't have to be a
fifth-generational psychic
to have these abilities.
Innately, we are all telepathic.
Innately, we are all channelers.
Innately, we all
have past lifetimes
that we're connecting
to in every moment.
So the biggest teaching
that I have is,
hey, I am no different than
each and every one of you,
and I am just like all of you.
Yeah.
>> Is there anything that
you're curious about?
>> Well, all my curiosities
have been answered
by the information
that I channel.
>> OK.
>> So I like to call myself
like a universal Google.
So if you think about having
Google, the search engine,
in front of you-- and
essentially Google
contains all knowledge
or a lot of the knowledge
here on this third-dimension
plane on planet Earth,
but in order to get any
information from Google,
what do you have to do?
>> Type in your search terms.
>> You got to ask
for what you want.
You got to type in
a question, right?
So I'm connected.
I'm fully connected.
But I have to have the right
questions to gain access
to the right information.
For me, at first when I started
channeling, it was like,
what is this?
What does that mean?
What's going on over here?
How does that relate
to this lifetime?
And it was so much.
It was very overwhelming.
It was really exciting.
But I'm at this point
where I've answered
a lot of my own questions.
So I find the best kind of
channeling that I can do--
and I surprise myself
even though it's not me
who surprises myself.
It's the information that
surprises me as a 27-year-old--
when other people ask me
really incredible questions ,
and I get to those depths
of levels, and I say, wow,
I had no idea.
And they're like,
really, you had no idea?
I'm like, I've never asked
that question before.
That information is not my own.
It's universal information.
But what I've been extremely
curious about in the past 10
years since opening up
to my channeling ability
is two things, two really
big things actually.
One of them is, how
does the universe work?
Is that not the grand
question of how--
>> It's a big question.
I ask that all the time.
>> It's a big question, right?
How does the universe work?
So when we ask the question
of how the universe works,
it's very quantifiable.
It's very scientific.
It's very measurable.
Even though we don't have all of
the measurement instruments and
We don't have necessarily
all of the equations,
it's very easily studied.
We're not there
yet for all of it,
but the how the universe
works is quantum.
It's the quantum physics
aspect of parallel realities
and vibrational
frequency and oscillation
and electromagnetic
frequency and auras and torus
and all of that.
And then so I see that.
I see the how of the
how the universe works
every single day.
I'm at this point where
I will actually see
physical objects in wave form.
So I started doing
this years ago
where I would be downtown
Toronto, actually,
and I would see 80-floor
skyscrapers just waving.
And I'd nudge my friend.
Hey, do you see
that building move?
Is it just me?
They're like, OK, no.
I'm like, it's kind of
like a blind in the wind.
They're like, what
are you talking about?
That's a building.
Like, OK, cool.
And I was seeing
it as a wave form,
and I started to understand
how the universe works
from the quantum level,
the subatomic level, all
the way to the macro, the
micro and the macro, right?
So I started to understand that.
The second biggest question
that I've been tackling--
once again, huge
question, a question
that the priest that I asked
couldn't answer, which is why?
Why are we here?
Why us?
Why now?
Why all of this?
Why existence in general?
Which is way more philosophical,
way more theoretical.
So we've got the how
the universe works
and the why the universe works.
And honestly, I
truly believe that I
have some of the biggest
answers that fill in the gaps
that scientists and philosophers
and religious leaders
have been unable to answer
about both the how and the why.
And once again, it's
not my information.
They're not my answers.
I just believe that I have an
untainted, objective awareness
to be able to bring
in the information
without any sort of ego input.
>> What is the most potent
insight that you've received
from doing all this 10
years of channeling,
interdimensional travel?
Is there something
that you could round up
in one nice, little, compact,
juicy bit for our audience?
>> Yes, that's a huge question,
and there's a lot of insight.
There's a lot of information.
But there's one thing.
>> The one thing.
>> Super profound.
And I can be as concise
and clear as possible.
And this might actually
trigger a lot of people.
A lot of people
might not like this,
but I'm going to say it because
this has been the biggest
thing, which is I've understood
that human beings are not
actually the third-dimensional
beings that we perceive
ourselves as.
I believe in going
back, channeling
a lot of information, speaking
to the Galactic Federation,
going back into our
hidden human history,
that over centuries we have been
genetically manipulated to have
a variety of interdimensional
DNA that is laying dormant
within us right now.
I believe that we're aliens.
I believe that we are
far more powerful.
>> And how can someone apply
that knowledge to themselves,
to their way of life?
>> The biggest thing is just
understanding that we have been
suppressed, that we
have been controlled,
and that our prefrontal
cortex, our fight and flight
mechanisms, our Reptilian
brain, has been stimulated
and overstimulated so that
we are constantly in a state
of fight and flight so that we
are unable to unlock the DNA
that we truly have.
I believe that
the entire control
mechanism on this planet
is based around the fact
that we are far more
powerful than what we've
been led to believe, and
they're trying to keep us away
from that power.
So the biggest thing
is you're powerful,
you create your own reality,
you put yourself here,
and there is a ton
of gifts just waiting
to be unlocked within you.
>> Very cool.
Finally, with all of your
experience in doing all this--
this is a little bit similar
to the last question,
but a little bit different.
Your interdimensional travels--
you're talking to ETs.
You're realizing you are an ET.
What vision or what
insights for planet Earth
was the highest vision of Earth
that you foresee in, let's say,
the next 20 to 30 years?
What vision for
humanity do you have?
>> So I used to get a lot
of downloads and visions.
Half of my visions used to be
very apocalyptic and related
to World War III and a
lot of nuclear warfare.
The other half of
my visions were
this beautiful, cosmic utopia
that was on this planet
where everyone's conscious.
Everyone's smiling
at each other.
Everyone's aware.
Everyone's realizing and
understanding past lifetimes.
It's really incredible.
And in the past three
years, I have not
had one apocalyptic vision.
>> Nice.
>> And so I really truly
see this advancement.
I see hybrids coming
to the planet.
I see us developing,
growing, ascending,
moving into this new
vibrational plane of existence,
creating a new dynamic
on this planet.
And ultimately, it sounds
like a really big task,
but I think that
we're going to have
a huge upheaval of
the socioeconomic,
of the education, of
the political sector
on this planet, even the mass
media sector on this planet,
and I--
>> It's kind of happening now.
>> It is happening, and it's
all for the better of humanity.
It's all for the ascension
and the conscious evolution
of the collective,
and that's what I see.
That's essentially--
there's actually
no other path other than that.
We are on the right track.
It seems really
chaotic right now.
But it has to be this way so
that we can collapse the old
in order to enter into the new.
>> And we can walk around
smiling at each other.
>> We sure should.
>> Awesome.
Thank you, Elizabeth April.
>> Thank you.
>> Awesome journey
we just went down.
I can't wait till we get
into some channeling,
and we're going to visit
your Zeta self as well
as a Mantis being, correct?
>> Yes, we are.
Yeah.
>> I can't wait.
Cool.
Thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> Sweet.
>> Awesome.
>> Thank you.
Awesome.
Yeah.
Thank you.
>> Yeah.
So good.
>> Thanks for your patience
in our technical difficulties.
[MUSIC PLAYING]